Part 1: In this part you must author a story consisted of several characters, using Parameterized Behavior Trees (PBT’s): 

a. Think of a compelling story for your game, which includes several character and events.
b. Design the world of your story to include different objects your characters can interact with, and unique characters
c. Your story world must comprise a crowd of background characters that exhibit ambient activity. These characters don’t necessarily have to be a crucial part of the main narrative.
d. Design your characters, objects and scenes. Use assets freely available on the Unity Asset Store, or create your own!
e. Implement different capabilities for your characters (e.g. Goto, Gesture, etc.) and your objects (e.g. door open/close), and your scenes (e.g. show a message, move camera, etc.) - you can ofcourse use KADAPT for this part.
f. Implement a library of multi-actor behaviors, i.e. events, which consist of the separate events that you want to use in your story.
g. Use these events (behaviors) to author your story as a behavior tree implementation. Triggering events one after another in a “sequence” would be the simplest form of such authoring (but not the most exciting form).
h. The result should be an animation, telling your game’s story, with slight changes every time it is executed (consider non-linearity and immersion of your story).

Part 2: In this part you must transform your story (created in previous part) into an interactive narrative, where a human player can control one character (the protagonist) in your scene: 

a. Design the complete Interactive Behavior Tree for your story, same as provided in narrative slides (see InteractiveBehaviorTree implementation). Note that the design does not have to be exactly the same, but must have same architecture and satisfy same objectives.

b. Attach human player controls to one character (assume a character as the human interactor), and modify your interactive tree accordingly.

c. The player must now be able to interact with your story, causing changes in both flow and ending of your game. Your story should have multiple endings.

Part 3: Add the ability for the human player to select A​NY character in your story scene, and control it. In other words, human player must be able to control any one of the characters in the scene. The player should be able to seamlessly switch between controlling any character in the scene, at any moment of time during the execution of the story.